well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about some
legislation coming out of florida
proposed by the florida governor
ron desantis um
we're going to go through it simply
because it fits with the theme of what
we're talking about
masking the problem hiding it not
addressing the the core
issues but just trying to cover it up
and that's that's what this legislation
is really
um in a lot of ways to me it doesn't go
far enough there's some workable pieces
in it but
it just doesn't get there so
highlights of this legislation include a
prohibition on
disorderly assemblies of more than seven
people and it appears to
provide for collective punishment of
people who attend them
which i'm fairly certain is
unconstitutional
um enhanced penalties for obstructing
roadways and allowing people to just run
those folks
over which i'm also fairly certain is
anyway toppling monuments has enhanced
penalties harassing people in public
accommodations and as a ricoh liability
creates mandatory minimum jail sentences
for
striking an officer or an enhancement if
you throw something and it just randomly
hits a normal person
you know not one of the protected people
local jurisdictions in florida will not
be able to defund the police
or they risk losing state money which
would
cause them to make more budget cuts
creates a victim compensation
mechanism that allows
residents to sue the government if it
neglects to protect them remember that
one
terminates benefits if somebody's
convicted under this act
and denies bail okay first things first
i wouldn't worry too much about this the
aclu
is going to eat this alive there are
just
giant sections of this that are
blatantly unconstitutional
but beyond that it doesn't actually
address the problem
the problem isn't that there's people in
the streets the problem is people feel
they have to be in the streets that's
the issue
why because folks are getting killed by
the cops while they're unarmed
that is actually the issue so there are
some workable pieces in this
like this mandatory minimum thing let's
do that
but let's say it's for police officers
who shoot someone who doesn't have a
weapon
let's do that
and i know well why would you do that i
would suggest
if you know a ton of bricks will rain
down on your head
then i think people will think twice
that's what governor desantis said to
justify this monstrosity of a bill
um i know people are going to say you
know cops have to deal with a lot of
stuff
very tense situations and they may do
something in the heat of the moment
like a a protest where it gets tense and
somebody throws something so i guess the
average citizen who receive no training
has to keep their cool however law
enforcement can do whatever they want
at the end of the day if this passes
the only piece that i think will really
end up standing
is the part about being able to sue the
government
if they fail to protect you which i
think would apply
to state agencies that don't
properly curtail officers
this issue is not new
it's been around a long time it's going
to stay around until something's done
about it
the more lawmakers
clamp down the bigger the movement will
get
this is a mistake i mean not just in the
fact that
large sections of it are
unconstitutional it's going to get
struck down on all of that
it's not addressing the issue and even
the idea of using
more police violence and more police
presence
to curtail speech about
law enforcement is going to end up
making it spread
this is the type of legislation that
gets
proposed by failed leaders in failed
states
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day